[PowerToys]Mouse without borders: Disable Easy mouse when the foreground application is in fullscreen mode - docs (#5470)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-dev-docs: hub/powertoys/mouse-without-borders.md

| Block mouse at screen corners | Avoid accidentally switching machines when the mouse pointer is at screen corners. |
| Show clipboard and network status messages | Show clipboard activities and network status in system tray notifications. |
| Easy Mouse | Use the mouse pointer to switch between machines at screen edges. Can also be configured to need to select **Shift** or **Control** to switch between machines. |

> | Disable easy mouse when an application is in fullscreen | Block easy mouse from switching machine when an application is running in fullscreen mode on the host machine. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Disable easy mouse when an application is in fullscreen | Prevents easy mouse from switching machines when an application is running in fullscreen mode on the host machine. |
```

> | Ignored fullscreen applications | List of ignored executable that will let easy mouse switch machine even if they are running in fullscreen mode. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Ignored fullscreen applications | A list of ignored executables that will allow easy mouse to switch machines even if they are running in fullscreen mode. |
```
